TODO:
 Reprocess data
 michaels code
 AMAC Amoc plots
 


Left elbow:  
   Total duration <- report as table
   elbow speed at impact velocity overall  <- plot it first, if nothing fruitful, exclude
   shoulder trajectory
   pelvis rotation  <- about Z axis
   Fz trajectories
   COM (ground projection) and COP trajectories

Uppercut:  
   Total duration <- report as table
   Wrist Speed  
   distance from wrist to thorax <- wrist joint position and thorax position AP dir
   pelvis rotation  <- about Z axis
   Fz trajectories
   COM (ground projection) and COP trajectories
   Block behaviour

  Teep:  
      Duration of kick phase (double support, single support, double support) <- report as table
      Rate of chnage of total angular momnetum with respect to full body com about each axis 
      AMAC
      AMOC
      COM Height trajectory
      COM (ground projection) and COP trajectories
      Pelvis movement( maybe hip joint centre) to the front teepin hip
      Fz trajectories
  Kick:  
      AMAC
      AMOC
      Duration of kick phases ( preparation, execution, impac, recovery) <- report as table
      Angular momentum full body and all bodyparts about each axis  
      Rate of chnage of total angular momnetum with respect to full body com about each axis 
      COM Height trajectory
      COM (ground projection) and COP trajectories
      Fz trajectories


First recording session:
all went well
ducttape on forceplate
10 repetitions for each movement 
5 minute selfdirected warmup
as many practice kicks as desired to get comfortable


Potential Plots

Angular Momentum (H) vs. Angular Momentum Rate (dH/dt)




N2s2 is fcked up

N1 TEEP is fcked up wrong export


Meeting:


Questions
        do i need some more calculations for my content?
        help interpreting the plots? (looking at max AMAC Values, overall shape)
        do i average over whole group or just participants?
        how detailed do i the methodology?
        
        inverse kinmetics kinematics dynamics basics 

Timeline
        -> exam on the 11th -> background ready for review by 3rd week of march
        -> content ready for review by mid april -> fully done somewehere around mid may 
        ok?

AMOC l hand beginner

inverse kinmetics kinematics dynamics basics 

go through plots look at differnces look at video find out why?


questions:
should i describe the wholle model or is a link to theia docs enough?
how to handle citations of complex things like dynamics equations?
should i enumerate my equations?
do i use we in the thesis or just passive?
how expansive RNEA? whole dynamic section? Inverse kinematics jacobian?
subject or participants?
citing something rather generic from a specific paper CoP?
how do i write that i didnt find something in my related works elbow strike??
how to citing AMAC AMOC both during background aliterature review?